# This file is generated by script/build_codeowners.py
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
#
# Every time an issue is created with a label corresponding to an integration,
# the integration's code owner is automatically notified.

# Core Code
setup.py @esphome/core
esphome/*.py @esphome/core
esphome/core/* @esphome/core

# Integrations
esphome/components/ac_dimmer/* @glmnet
esphome/components/adc/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/addressable_light/* @justfalter
esphome/components/airthings_ble/* @jeromelaban
esphome/components/airthings_wave_mini/* @ncareau
esphome/components/airthings_wave_plus/* @jeromelaban
esphome/components/am43/* @buxtronix
esphome/components/am43/cover/* @buxtronix
esphome/components/analog_threshold/* @ianchi
esphome/components/animation/* @syndlex
esphome/components/anova/* @buxtronix
esphome/components/api/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/async_tcp/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/atc_mithermometer/* @ahpohl
esphome/components/b_parasite/* @rbaron
esphome/components/ballu/* @bazuchan
esphome/components/bang_bang/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/bedjet/* @jhansche
esphome/components/bedjet/climate/* @jhansche
esphome/components/bedjet/fan/* @jhansche
esphome/components/bh1750/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/binary_sensor/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/bl0939/* @ziceva
esphome/components/bl0940/* @tobias-
esphome/components/bl0942/* @dbuezas
esphome/components/ble_client/* @buxtronix
esphome/components/bluetooth_proxy/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/bme680_bsec/* @trvrnrth
esphome/components/bmp3xx/* @martgras
esphome/components/button/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/canbus/* @danielschramm @mvturnho
esphome/components/cap1188/* @MrEditor97
esphome/components/captive_portal/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/ccs811/* @habbie
esphome/components/cd74hc4067/* @asoehlke
esphome/components/climate/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/climate_ir/* @glmnet
esphome/components/color_temperature/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/coolix/* @glmnet
esphome/components/copy/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/cover/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/cs5460a/* @balrog-kun
esphome/components/cse7761/* @berfenger
esphome/components/ct_clamp/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/current_based/* @djwmarcx
esphome/components/dac7678/* @NickB1
esphome/components/daly_bms/* @s1lvi0
esphome/components/dashboard_import/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/debug/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/delonghi/* @grob6000
esphome/components/dfplayer/* @glmnet
esphome/components/dht/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/dps310/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ds1307/* @badbadc0ffee
esphome/components/dsmr/* @glmnet @zuidwijk
esphome/components/ektf2232/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/ens210/* @itn3rd77
esphome/components/esp32/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/esp32_ble/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/esp32_ble_server/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/esp32_camera_web_server/* @ayufan
esphome/components/esp32_can/* @Sympatron
esphome/components/esp32_improv/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/esp8266/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/exposure_notifications/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/ezo/* @ssieb
esphome/components/factory_reset/* @anatoly-savchenkov
esphome/components/fastled_base/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/feedback/* @ianchi
esphome/components/fingerprint_grow/* @OnFreund @loongyh
esphome/components/globals/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/gpio/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/gps/* @coogle
esphome/components/graph/* @synco
esphome/components/growatt_solar/* @leeuwte
esphome/components/havells_solar/* @sourabhjaiswal
esphome/components/hbridge/fan/* @WeekendWarrior
esphome/components/hbridge/light/* @DotNetDann
esphome/components/heatpumpir/* @rob-deutsch
esphome/components/hitachi_ac424/* @sourabhjaiswal
esphome/components/homeassistant/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/honeywellabp/* @RubyBailey
esphome/components/hrxl_maxsonar_wr/* @netmikey
esphome/components/hydreon_rgxx/* @functionpointer
esphome/components/i2c/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/i2s_audio/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/improv_serial/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ina260/* @MrEditor97
esphome/components/inkbird_ibsth1_mini/* @fkirill
esphome/components/inkplate6/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/integration/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/interval/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/json/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/kalman_combinator/* @Cat-Ion
esphome/components/ledc/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/light/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/lilygo_t5_47/touchscreen/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/lock/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/logger/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ltr390/* @sjtrny
esphome/components/max31865/* @DAVe3283
esphome/components/max44009/* @berfenger
esphome/components/max7219digit/* @rspaargaren
esphome/components/max9611/* @mckaymatthew
esphome/components/mcp23008/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp23017/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp23s08/* @SenexCrenshaw @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp23s17/* @SenexCrenshaw @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp23x08_base/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp23x17_base/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp23xxx_base/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp2515/* @danielschramm @mvturnho
esphome/components/mcp3204/* @rsumner
esphome/components/mcp4728/* @berfenger
esphome/components/mcp47a1/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/mcp9600/* @MrEditor97
esphome/components/mcp9808/* @k7hpn
esphome/components/md5/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/mdns/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/media_player/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/midea/* @dudanov
esphome/components/midea_ir/* @dudanov
esphome/components/mitsubishi/* @RubyBailey
esphome/components/mlx90393/* @functionpointer
esphome/components/modbus_controller/* @martgras
esphome/components/modbus_controller/binary_sensor/* @martgras
esphome/components/modbus_controller/number/* @martgras
esphome/components/modbus_controller/output/* @martgras
esphome/components/modbus_controller/select/* @martgras @stegm
esphome/components/modbus_controller/sensor/* @martgras
esphome/components/modbus_controller/switch/* @martgras
esphome/components/modbus_controller/text_sensor/* @martgras
esphome/components/mopeka_ble/* @spbrogan
esphome/components/mopeka_pro_check/* @spbrogan
esphome/components/mpl3115a2/* @kbickar
esphome/components/mpu6886/* @fabaff
esphome/components/network/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/nextion/* @senexcrenshaw
esphome/components/nextion/binary_sensor/* @senexcrenshaw
esphome/components/nextion/sensor/* @senexcrenshaw
esphome/components/nextion/switch/* @senexcrenshaw
esphome/components/nextion/text_sensor/* @senexcrenshaw
esphome/components/nfc/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/number/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ota/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/output/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/pid/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/pipsolar/* @andreashergert1984
esphome/components/pm1006/* @habbie
esphome/components/pmsa003i/* @sjtrny
esphome/components/pn532/* @OttoWinter @jesserockz
esphome/components/pn532_i2c/* @OttoWinter @jesserockz
esphome/components/pn532_spi/* @OttoWinter @jesserockz
esphome/components/power_supply/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/preferences/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/psram/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/pulse_meter/* @cstaahl @stevebaxter
esphome/components/pvvx_mithermometer/* @pasiz
esphome/components/qmp6988/* @andrewpc
esphome/components/qr_code/* @wjtje
esphome/components/radon_eye_ble/* @jeffeb3
esphome/components/radon_eye_rd200/* @jeffeb3
esphome/components/rc522/* @glmnet
esphome/components/rc522_i2c/* @glmnet
esphome/components/rc522_spi/* @glmnet
esphome/components/restart/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/rf_bridge/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/rgbct/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/rtttl/* @glmnet
esphome/components/safe_mode/* @jsuanet @paulmonigatti
esphome/components/scd4x/* @martgras @sjtrny
esphome/components/script/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sdm_meter/* @jesserockz @polyfaces
esphome/components/sdp3x/* @Azimath
esphome/components/selec_meter/* @sourabhjaiswal
esphome/components/select/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sen5x/* @martgras
esphome/components/sensirion_common/* @martgras
esphome/components/sensor/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sgp40/* @SenexCrenshaw
esphome/components/sgp4x/* @SenexCrenshaw @martgras
esphome/components/shelly_dimmer/* @edge90 @rnauber
esphome/components/sht4x/* @sjtrny
esphome/components/shutdown/* @esphome/core @jsuanet
esphome/components/sim800l/* @glmnet
esphome/components/sm2135/* @BoukeHaarsma23
esphome/components/sml/* @alengwenus
esphome/components/smt100/* @piechade
esphome/components/socket/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sonoff_d1/* @anatoly-savchenkov
esphome/components/spi/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sprinkler/* @kbx81
esphome/components/sps30/* @martgras
esphome/components/ssd1322_base/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1322_spi/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1325_base/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1325_spi/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1327_base/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1327_i2c/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1327_spi/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1331_base/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1331_spi/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1351_base/* @kbx81
esphome/components/ssd1351_spi/* @kbx81
esphome/components/st7735/* @SenexCrenshaw
esphome/components/st7789v/* @kbx81
esphome/components/st7920/* @marsjan155
esphome/components/substitutions/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/sun/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/switch/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/t6615/* @tylermenezes
esphome/components/tca9548a/* @andreashergert1984
esphome/components/tcl112/* @glmnet
esphome/components/teleinfo/* @0hax
esphome/components/thermostat/* @kbx81
esphome/components/time/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/tlc5947/* @rnauber
esphome/components/tm1621/* @Philippe12
esphome/components/tm1637/* @glmnet
esphome/components/tm1638/* @skykingjwc
esphome/components/tmp102/* @timsavage
esphome/components/tmp117/* @Azimath
esphome/components/tof10120/* @wstrzalka
esphome/components/toshiba/* @kbx81
esphome/components/touchscreen/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tsl2591/* @wjcarpenter
esphome/components/tuya/binary_sensor/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/climate/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/number/* @frankiboy1
esphome/components/tuya/select/* @bearpawmaxim
esphome/components/tuya/sensor/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/switch/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/tuya/text_sensor/* @dentra
esphome/components/uart/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/ufire_ec/* @pvizeli
esphome/components/ufire_ise/* @pvizeli
esphome/components/ultrasonic/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/version/* @esphome/core
esphome/components/wake_on_lan/* @willwill2will54
esphome/components/web_server_base/* @OttoWinter
esphome/components/whirlpool/* @glmnet
esphome/components/whynter/* @aeonsablaze
esphome/components/xiaomi_lywsd03mmc/* @ahpohl
esphome/components/xiaomi_mhoc303/* @drug123
esphome/components/xiaomi_mhoc401/* @vevsvevs
esphome/components/xiaomi_rtcgq02lm/* @jesserockz
esphome/components/xpt2046/* @numo68
